LHL Node Skeleton
=========

## Project Setup

The following steps are only for _one_ of the group members to perform.

1. Create your own copy of this repo using the `Use This Template` button, ideally using the name of your project. The repo should be marked Public
2. Verify that the skeleton code now shows up in your repo on GitHub, you should be automatically redirected
3. Clone your copy of the repo to your dev machine
4. Add your team members as collaborators to the project so that they can push to this repo
5. Let your team members know the repo URL so that they use the same repo (they should _not_ create a copy/fork of this repo since that will add additional workflow complexity to the project)


## Getting Started

1. Create the `.env` by using `.env.example` as a reference: `cp .env.example .env`
2. Update the .env file with your correct local information 
  - username: `labber` 
  - password: `labber` 
  - database: `midterm`
3. Install dependencies: `npm i`
4. Fix to binaries for sass: `npm rebuild node-sass`
5. Reset database: `npm run db:reset`
  - Check the db folder to see what gets created and seeded in the SDB
7. Run the server: `npm run local`
  - Note: nodemon is used, so you should not have to restart your server
8. Visit `http://localhost:8080/`

## Warnings & Tips

- Do not edit the `layout.css` file directly, it is auto-generated by `layout.scss`
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names, as demonstrated with `users.js` and `widgets.js`
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See `db` folder for pre-populated examples. 
- Use the `npm run db:reset` command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds. 
  - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database. 
  - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to `DROP` the tables and recreate them.

## Dependencies

- Node 10.x or above
- NPM 5.x or above
- PG 6.x

## Assignment

Option 10: Food Pick-up Ordering
A food ordering experience for a single restaurant. Hungry clients of this fictitious restaurant can visit its website, select one or more dishes and place an order for pick-up. They will receive a notification when their order is ready.

The restaurant and client both need to be notified since this app serves as an intermediary.

When an order is placed the restaurant receives the order via SMS. The restaurant can then specify how long it will take to fulfill it. Once they provide this information, the website updates for the client and also notifies them via SMS.

You can use a modern telecomm API service such as Twilio to implement SMS communication from the website to the client and restaurant.

For inspiration check out how Ritual works, but keep in mind that's implemented as a native app and serves more than one restaurant.


Goal
Build a web app from start to finish using the tech and approaches learned to date
Turn requirements into a working product
Practice architecting an app in terms of UI/UX, Routes/API and Database
Manage a multi-developer project with git
Simulate the working world where you do not always get to completely cherry pick your team, stack or product features
Practice demoing an app to help prepare for the final project and employer interviews
Stack Requirements
Your projects must use:

ES6 for server-side (NodeJS) code
NodeJS
Express
RESTful routes
One or more CSS or UI "framework"s:
jQuery
A CSS preprocessor such as SASS, Stylus, or PostCSS for styling -- or CSS Custom properties and no CSS preprocessor
PostgreSQL and pg (with promises) for DBMS
git for version control
Optional Requirements
SPA (Single-Page Application) Behaviour
Hosting, such as heroku, netlify, github pages, AWS, or Azure

